RFC: groups full sync (#23)
discourse/discourse-saml: README.md

- `saml_target_url`

### Group sync
- `DISCOURSE_SAML_SYNC_GROUPS`: Sync groups. Defaults to false.
- `DISCOURSE_SAML_GROUPS_ATTRIBUTE`: SAML attribute to use for group sync. Defaults to `memberOf`
- `DISCOURSE_SAML_GROUPS_FULLSYNC`: Should the assigned groups be completely synced including adding AND removing groups based on the IDP? Defaults to false. If set to true, `DISCOURSE_SAML_SYNC_GROUPS_LIST` and SAML attribute `groups_to_add`/`groups_to_remove` are not used.

> - `DISCOURSE_SAML_SYNC_GROUPS_LIST`: Only groups mentioned in this list are synced if they are referenced by the IDP (in `memberOf` SAML attribue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DISCOURSE_SAML_SYNC_GROUPS_LIST`: Groups mentioned in this list are synced if they are referenced by the IDP (in `memberOf` SAML attribue). Any other groups will not be removed/updated.
```
